USHIFT-3778: Drop-in configuration directory (#3792)
openshift/microshift: docs/user/howto_config.md

provisioning/deprovisioning or mount/unmount operations. Workloads with attached volumes must be manually stopped, and
those volumes must then be manually deleted by the user. Once the MicroShift config `storage` section is specified with
supported values, the user may restart MicroShift. They should see that MicroShift does not redeploy the disabled
components after restart.

## Drop-in configuration directory

> In additional to existing `/etc/microshift/config.yaml` there is a `/etc/microshift/config.d` directory where you can place fragments of config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the existing `/etc/microshift/config.yaml` configuration file there is a `/etc/microshift/config.d` configuration directory where you can place fragments of configuration.
```
